c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\bin\Debug\Test1.exe.config
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\bin\Debug\Test1.exe
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\bin\Debug\Test1.pdb
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.dll
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.dll
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.pdb
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.xml
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.xml
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.g.resources
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.exe
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\Test1.pdb
c:\users\aelgerit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Wpf_Graph_Test\Test1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
